welcome to the man of recaps this is the
bachelor episode eight there's only four
girls left and it is hometowns week
first up is Knoxville Tennessee for Miss
Hannah and her father
Ranger Rick is a real outdoorsman so to
help impress him she's taking Peter
axe-throwing it's a real fun time Peter
sucks at first but eventually he gets it
last week an Ann row Peter a letter all
the things I love about you so Peter
wrote her one back uh-huh so cute
classic middle school love story Peter
meets her family who's all nice her dad
Ranger Rick though gives him a real hard
time it seems the big question this week
is who will drop el bombs
Peter drops a soft L bomb on her I'm
falling in love with you she comes back
at him with a hard L I love you no
qualifiers but these two are all good
next Peter travels to Iowa for Kelsey
they go to a winery and stomp some
grapes then make their own red blend
I've been down on Kelsey this whole time
she turned me way off early on with her
champagne drama she seems like a nice
girl though they have fun she drops a
Hornell on him I am in love with you he
avoids saying anything back by kissing
her she's got a picturesque blonde
Midwestern family complete with
ping-pong table in the living room
they're all nice parents are concerned
but Peter makes it out no problems
Kelsey drops a hard L on him again to
see if he'll reciprocate and that when I
said and I am in love with you and you
know he says thank you and my heart is
falling not really what you want to hear
at this stage in the game next is Auburn
Alabama for Madison her dad's a
basketball coach and she was a
basketball star herself so they shoot
some hoops
she's got a picturesque southern
brunette family complete with pool table
in the living room but there is some
drama Madison's mom pulls her aside and
asks if she's told Peter yet her secret
she is not having sex before marriage
Peter whoever mr. four times in a
windmill is a sexual guy and with next
week being fantasy suites this gonna be
a big deal for now Peter gets a taste of
his own medicine when he says I'm
falling in love with you and Madison
shuts him up with a kiss then it's off
to Virginia Beach for a Victoria F they
play with her dog on the beach dress up
for old time
photos and she has a party planned with
a country music singer that she has not
dated they have a really great time and
it seems like their relationship might
finally be on track but on his way out
Peter runs into an ex of his sounds like
they briefly dated in California some
years back but this is her hometown and
Victoria's one of her friends at least
she was until they had some huge
falling-out and she warns Peter to be
careful ominously says Victoria's broken
up a bunch of relationships but won't
elaborate so before meeting her family
they have a talk on the front steps
Peters like hey that girl told me this
stuff about you like what's your side of
the story
Victoria though does not explain her
side of the story in fact she freaks out
and deflects and then walks away crying
there's the Victoria we know she has a
hard time though outside there's no
corners to stand in this ruins the mood
and Peter does not to meet her family
who it must have been awkward for is
sitting right inside like why aren't
they coming in the next morning she
comes over and they work it out she
never actually addresses what that girl
was saying about her she just keeps
deflecting but you know then it's time
for the rose ceremony
staying on theme this season in an
airplane hangar now three good hometown
dates followed by one that blew up you
might think you know who's going home
but Peter kinda likes crazy he sends
home Kelsey Kelsey I'm sorry
you are my least favorite too but you
know I feel bad so peter has his final
three
Madison Hanna and and Victoria it seems
to me Madison and Hanna an about even in
Peters mind with Victoria F could be
literally anywhere next week they're
going to Australia for fantasy suites
and how that goes is gonna make all the
difference especially because at the end
of the episode Madison pulls Peter aside
it's time she's got to tell him her nan
dirty little secret will Peter respect
Madison's wishes and not sleep with any
of these girls or will he try to break
his record go for five times find out
next week on The Bachelor if you like
this recap hit that subscribe button I'm
bringing you the best recaps of TV and
movies so don't miss out